[Applause]
they came in their
hundreds and gathered in their
thousands across the country in the
north from
Manchester to the West in
Bristol the call of solidarity with
Palestinians was
heard this was the fourth week in a row
that the rallying demand for an end to
the conflict in Gaza echoed across
central London we want a ceasefire we
want the war crimes to stop and we want
to show the people in Palestine that we
stand with them that London stands with
them well it's all about Humanity isn't
it uh at the end of the day we might all
be different colors but we all bleed the
same you know killing off inoc innocent
civilians and babies it's all wrong at
the end of the day and you know what the
governments are not doing anything so
this is the only means we have and for
those who've gathered here what the UK
is doing is simply not enough many are
angered that the government has has just
asked for a humanitarian pause rather
than an outright
ceasefire and it is this call for an end
to hostilities in Gaza that is putting
British politicians at odds with public
opinion in latest polls three quarters
of those surveyed have said they are
concerned about the impact on civilians
both Palestinian and Israeli and that
there should be an immediate end to the
fighting organizers of the Palestinian
solidarity rallies have vowed that while
the war continues so too will the
demonstrations even next Saturday on
Remembrance Day a day that commemorates
the Fallen who've served in the armed
forces as well as civilians despite the
Prime Minister Rishi sunak calling the
plans disrespectful and provocative but
now our leaders are failing a basic
simple moral test the only justification
for not calling for a ceasefire is you
believe that Palestinian lives do not
count the people Gathering here today do
not share that morality
a sentiment shared by many here who
cling to the hope of the end to this war
Sonia Gayo Al jazer
London make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer